yo youtubers this is like oh man 70000
and I'm doing to toy reviews on Vegeta
and Goku Vegeta ultimately get serious
from serious for they both were on ebay
for the same price I mean not ebay but
you know amazon so his articulation
isn't festival his arm can go 360
degrees out the other shoulder it can go
up and down at the elbow his head can't
go up and down because I guess its head
is on a ball joint in hair his own you
when here trying to go up and down on a
shoulder to doing the final flash you
can't do it in his own so I take the arm
you got to take the arm off so you can
do it a second flash the same
articulation with the knee and nmap the
ankle and go left and right so 4 goku
who the arm can go 360 degrees but his
shoulder pads getting away at the elbow
can go up and down but on his head it
can't go up and down because his hair
gets it away and also us on the vultures
so yeah is that can't go 3 360 degrees
turning and this skirt gets in a way
like the skirt little thing so you
really can't right elbow into buying
this in the light and that Neil stomach
or whatever you want to do so yeah as
you can see you can bend have to enter
neat yep so that's basically it and
these are the rest of the products that
you can get I got these two products
from Chicago I got my comfortable from
barnes & noble's molesey bc chestnut
street
just reek yep serious so oh I want to
get this like to do a video reviewing
this i lost so i was a kid so when I was
little or actually because I'm so kid
alright so later guy